# Richel's analysis

Most songs can be categorized in three main subjects: 
 * love
 * ethics 
 * partying

In all three categories I have favorites, but also songs I
immediatly delete from my playlist.

The songs about love are, in my opinion, the main strength of K3: I
enjoy the lightweightness ([Op elkaar](K3OpElkaar.md), [Wie zal ik een
kusje geven](K3WieZalIkEenKusjeGeven.md)), simplicity
([Trouwen](K3Trouwen.md), [Verliefd](K3Verliefd.md)), naughtiness
([Ali Baba](K3AliBaba.md), [Heyah Mama](K3HeyahMama.md),
[Liefdeskapitein](K3Liefdeskapitein.md)) and/or wittiness
([Antwoordapparaat](K3Antwoordapparaat.md)) that can be found in
multiple love songs. But there is also a more controversial songs: [Doe
maar](K3DoeMaar.md) describes 'taking the big leap', where the girl is
not ready yet. There are some songs about love that I find mediocre or
devoid of any meaning, but these are a minority.

The songs about partying are, in my opinion, the main weakness of K3:
most describe nothing more than going to have a good time, and dancing,
laughing and singing a lot. The meaningsless is in my opinion only
enhanced by the use of jabbertalk.

Songs with naughty lyrics are rated more favorable. K3's first hit,
[Heyah Mama](K3HeyahMama.md), has plenty of them. I think naught lyrics
fit K3 well.

Songs about celestial objects have a big plus for me: I simply enjoy
astronomy. Especially [Jupiter](K3Jupiter.md) is a song I greatly enjoy
because they sing about dancing on the moon and standing on the rings of
Saturn (which is not as simple in reality).

Song with jabbertalk are generally favored less: I have never understood
the fun of nonsensical exclamations like [Kuma He](K3HumaHe.md),
[MaMaSé!](K3MaMaSe.md), [Oya lélé](K3OyaLele.md) or [Yeke
Yeke](K3YekeYeke.md).

There is even a song without (non-moronic) lyrics, [Eya Hoya](K3EyaHoya.md).
Where K3 its strength is in the lyrics, this song tries to be a plain
party song, where there are millions of already. 

# Individual songs


## Excellent songs about ethics

* [De revolutie](K3DeRevolutie.md)


## Excellent songs about love

 * [Ali Baba](K3AliBaba.md)
 * [Antwoordapparaat](K3Antwoordapparaat.md)
 * [Baby Come Back](K3BabyComeBack.md)
 * Bibliotheek
 * Blankenberge
 * De wereld van K3
 * [Doe maar](K3DoeMaar.md)
 * Dokter Dokter
 * Eerste kus
 * Fiesta de amor
 * Frans liedje
 * Hart verloren
 * [Heyah mama](K3HeyahMama.md)
 * [Jupiter](K3Jupiter.md)
 * [Liefdeskapitein](K3Liefdeskapitein.md) 
 * [Op elkaar](K3OpElkaar.md)
 * SMS 
 * [Sterren](K3Sterren.md) 
 * Tele-Romeo, 
 * [Trouwen](K3Trouwen.md)
 * [Verliefd](K3Verliefd.md)
 * [Wie zal ik een kusje geven](K3WieZalIkEenKusjeGeven.md)

## Excellent songs about partying


 * [Hippie shake](K3Hippieshake.md)
 * [Keileuke zomer](K3KeileukeZomer.md)

## Excellent songs about other subjects
 * Blub, ik ben een vis
 * De 3 biggetjes
 * Fiets
 * Je hebt een vriend
 * Oma's aan de top
 * Papapa
 * [Radio](K3Radio.md)
 * Ya Ya Yippee
 * [Zou er iemand zijn op Mars](K3ZouErIemandZijnOpMars.md)

## Good songs about ethics

 * 1, 2, doet met me mee
 * Borst vooruit
 * Ik schreeuw het van de daken
 * Jongens zijn gek
 * Laat de wind maar waaien
 * [Leugentje leugentje](K3LeugentjeLeugentje.md)
 * [Vind ik leuk](K3VindIkLeuk.md)
 * [Vriendschap](K3Vriendschap.md)

## Good songs about love

 * Duizend deuren, Honingbeer
 * Letter V
 * Op Televisie
 * Parels
 * Puppy love
 * Superformidastisch
 * Zonder jou

## Good songs about partying

 * Chacha loco
 * [Feestje](K3Feestje.md)
 * [Gigaleuke dag](K3GigaleukeDag.md) 
 * Happy Birthday
 * Kuma he
 * [MaMaSé!](K3MaMaSe.md)
 * [Oya lélé](K3OyaLele.md)
 * Yippee yippee

## Good songs about other subjects

 * [Kitty](K3Kitty.md) 
 * Dat ding dat je doet
 * De politie, Kusjesdag
 * Mama's en papa's
 * Opa
 * Superhero
 * Vliegen als een vogel
 * Wat ik wil
 * Yeke Yeke,
 * Zoo

## Bad songs about ethics

 * [Alle Chinezen](K3AlleChinezen.md) 
 * [Alle Kleuren](K3AlleKleuren.md)
 * Geen tweede keer
 * Lollypopland

## Bad songs about love

 * [Eeny Meeny](K3EenyMeeny.md) 
 * [Eskimo](K3Eskimo.md)
 * [Excuseer Me](K3ExcuseerMe.md) 
 * Leonardo

# Bad songs about partying
 
 * Alle baby's 
 * [Bij ons thuis](K3BijOnsThuis.md)
 * Blijven staan
 * [Eya Hoya](K3EyaHoya.md)
 * Handjes draaien
 * Lawine
 * Samen feesten

## Bad songs about other subjects

 * [None]
